c:\users\roman\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\furniture\furniture\bin\Debug\furniture.exe.config
c:\users\roman\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\furniture\furniture\bin\Debug\furniture.exe
c:\users\roman\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\furniture\furniture\bin\Debug\furniture.pdb
c:\users\roman\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\furniture\furniture\bin\Debug\MySql.Data.dll
c:\users\roman\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\furniture\furniture\obj\Debug\furniture.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\roman\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\furniture\furniture\obj\Debug\furniture.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\roman\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\furniture\furniture\obj\Debug\furniture.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\roman\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\furniture\furniture\obj\Debug\furniture.exe
c:\users\roman\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\furniture\furniture\obj\Debug\furniture.pdb
c:\users\roman\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\furniture\furniture\bin\Debug\NetOffice.dll
c:\users\roman\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\furniture\furniture\bin\Debug\OfficeApi.dll
c:\users\roman\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\furniture\furniture\bin\Debug\VBIDEApi.dll
c:\users\roman\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\furniture\furniture\bin\Debug\WordApi.dll
c:\users\roman\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\furniture\furniture\bin\Debug\NetOffice.xml
c:\users\roman\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\furniture\furniture\bin\Debug\OfficeApi.xml
c:\users\roman\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\furniture\furniture\bin\Debug\VBIDEApi.xml
c:\users\roman\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\furniture\furniture\bin\Debug\WordApi.xml
C:\Users\Roman\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\furniture\furniture\bin\Debug\ZedGraph.dll
C:\Users\Roman\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\furniture\furniture\obj\Debug\furniture.HomeForm.resources
C:\Users\Roman\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\furniture\furniture\obj\Debug\furniture.ChartProfitForm.resources
C:\Users\Roman\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\furniture\furniture\obj\Debug\furniture.ChartPassabilityForm.resources
C:\Users\Roman\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\furniture\furniture\bin\Debug\MySqlBackup.dll
C:\Users\Roman\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\furniture\furniture\obj\Debug\furniture.ShopProducts.resources
C:\Users\Roman\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\furniture\furniture\obj\Debug\furniture.EditShopProducts.resources
C:\Users\Roman\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\furniture\furniture\obj\Debug\furniture.FirmsContacts.resources
